The purpose of this project is to create a single page application which is to create a map of St.Paul and the neighborhoods in St.Paul in which we have a database filled with different types of crime incidents along with their date,time, and which block they happened on. We had to use 3 different API's, Leaflet, Nominatim and the API we created in the first part of this project. Someone might use this to see the different crimes that have occured in St.Paul over the years. There were many components to this project. First, we had to create the map and populate the map with the neighborhoods, along with their latitude and longitude and the total crimes committed. Next we created a table to populate the crimes by with columns of case number, date, time, description,incident,police grid,Neighborhood name,the block the crime occurs on as well as a delete button to delete the incident. Next, we created a UI to filter the crimes by filtering the dates as well as having checkboxes to check the types of crimes we wanted to search for. Then we have a new incident page which we can create a new police incident. Lastly, we have an about page about all of the contributors on the project as well as some observations we have found by doing this project.

To run this page, after you clone the repository, you will need to clone it again so that you have 2 copies of it. In one of the repository's terminal you can install the node modules doing npm install in the projects directory. Then you would have to do the same thing but in the Dev St Paul Page directory inside the project. Once you have done that you can stay in only the project directory in one of the repository copies and inside the terminal type "node server.js" but for the other copy you have to change the directory by doing cd "Dev St Paul Page". Once inside the Dev St Paul Page directory, you would have to type in the terminal "npm run dev -- --port 5500. One other thing, you must have sqlite3 on your computer to be able to obtain the sqlite3 database file with the crime incidents or else the table will not be populated and neither will the markers with the neighboroods.
